Today's date is 28-Aug-2025
Agent: Hi, thank you for calling Freestyle Customer Care. My name is PII. How may I help you?
Caller: Yes, my name is PII and I am using the Freestyle Libre 3 system and I attempted to put one on and it did not come out of the sensor fitting and then it wouldn't work again.
Agent: Okay, so it did not even reapply your arm?
Caller: It did not stick to the arm, no.
Agent: I see. Well, I'm so sorry about what happened to that, PII. Of course, no worries. I'll just check for the coverage of that one. You said again? Yes, I think you have the Freestyle Libre 3?
Caller: Yes.
Agent: All right. Thank you for confirming again. Let me just get the information here. May I have first your phone number?
Caller: What?
Agent: Phone number.
Caller: PII.
Agent: PII. Okay, thank you so much. One moment here.
Caller: Okay.
Agent: PII, may I ask which state are you from?
Caller: PII.
Agent: PII, okay. All right, I see your information here. Thanks for confirming. But for the sensor, do you still have the yellow box for it?
Caller: I do.
Agent: All right, that's great. I just want to have the serial number here. Can you please check the bottom part of the box for the SM?
Caller: PII.
Agent: PII.
Caller: PII.
Agent: I guess that's the one. I guess I'll just read it back to you and please double check what I got. So I have PII, PII, PII, PII, so PII, PII.
Caller: Yes, that's right.
Agent: Thank you so much for double checking, PII. All right, let me save this. One second. Let's see. Okay. All right, I saved it successfully, PII. Thank you for checking with me the box. Now let me just take notes here what happened. By the way, what I want to confirm with that one, did we just attempt the usual instructed application for that sensor or did we maybe try anything different this time?
Caller: No. When I put it on, I used alcohol to clean the spot and I don't think the alcohol had dried and it did not let the sensor stick, but it was already out of the applicator.
Agent: Oh, okay. It was just not fully dried this time?
Caller: Right.
Agent: Okay. I see how that may have happened. Thank you for clarifying. I'll go ahead and take notes. But also, PII, do you still have as well the sensor and the applicator?
Caller: Yes.
Agent: Okay, that's great as well. Thank you so much. So don't worry with the sensor. It's eligible for replacement, so I can send one to cover that sensor. But what I want to ask for now is while you're waiting for the replacement, do you have an extra sensor or a finger stick?
Caller: No, I have another one.
Agent: Oh, okay. That's great then. So yeah, just want to make sure. So we can use that for now and then let's check how long we need to wait for the new one. Can you please read it to me? Oh, thank you so much. Your full shipping address?
Caller: My address?
Agent: Yes.
Caller: My address is PII.
Agent: PII, okay. All right, thank you so much, PII. I do see your address here. Now let me just work on the order. Let's see. All right, so for this one, actually upon double checking, PII, no need to return the components to us. Thank you for keeping it though, but no need this time. So for the sensor and applicators you still have for this, kindly dispose of them following your local disposal guidelines. And thank you for your understanding. As for the replacement, kindly wait for around three to five business days for it to be delivered. And also, I just want to share the reference number so you can follow up if needed. Do you just have an email for that one?
Caller: I didn't understand what you said.
Agent: Sorry, one more time. Oh, sorry. May I have an email where I can send the reference number?
Caller: Yes, my email is PII
Agent: Oh, okay. I got it now. Thank you so much, PII. So I'll send there after the call on the email, the reference number. Also, if you might need it, there's an included online form link on that email. That's your other way to report it via error message or sensor follow-up concerns to us. So even if our lines are closed, we can still check on your sensor replacement eligibility. Also, if you might need the website, www.freestylelibre.us for more information. So yeah, thank you for hearing me out for that. So I have the order here all set. Again, please wait three to five business days for this one. Our last friendly reminder for you is please always continue to clean the arm using your non-moisturizing and fragrance-free soap and water, alcohol wipes, and make sure to dry fully as always before applying the sensor.
Caller: Thank you, I learned my lesson, yes.
Agent: But yeah, that's okay. Sometimes that happens. One last thing, sorry, just important. Have you been informed that the Freestyle Libre 2 and 3 sensors, the one you're using right now, those sensors will be discontinued by September?
Caller: Freestyle Libre 3 will be discontinued?
Agent: Yeah, the sensors.
Caller: What's going to replace it?
Agent: Well, we already have out the Freestyle Libre 2 Plus or 3 Plus and 3 Plus sensors, so we ask you to get a new prescription for the 3 Plus.
Caller: Okay.
Agent: That'll be in September?
Caller: Yeah, September this year.
Agent: Okay. So it's time to be ready for the prescription. But don't worry, when you get the Freestyle Libre 2 Plus sensors, you can use that with the same Freestyle Libre 3 reader or app you've been using for this one. We're just going to update the sensor. Thank you so much, PII, for your understanding. All right, that's all for now. Thank you so much for your time and patience for this. Any other concerns, though, that we need to check?
Caller: No, I don't think so. I think you've covered them all.
Agent: All right, I'm glad to help you with this one. But thank you as well for your time. I'll let you go for now. And also, if you may be up to a quick survey after the call, just for a service, you can leave feedback or rate us within 0 to 9 or 9 to highest. But yeah, have a good one, PII.
Caller: Thank you. Bye-bye.