Agent: Hello, thank you for calling Freestyle Customer Care. This is Kyle speaking. How may I help you?

Caller: Yes, my name is Dana Wells and I'm trying to send the box back but there's no label on it so FedEx needs a label to put on there.

Agent: I'm seeing.

Caller: You know, if we could print out one, if you could send them a label.

Agent: I see. Okay, I am so sorry that the return kit does not have a label, but you don't have to worry. I will provide you with a new return kit. I will send you a new one and hopefully this one has one, okay?

Caller: Okay, I've got it.

Caller: Okay, so where you can print it out, I guess. I'm not sure how that, it says print and go.

Agent: Print and go?

Caller: Yeah. Do you want, and I can give you what it says on the back of this card. Well, it's FedEx.com. It's USA, capital O, Q23 at FedEx.com.

Agent: Okay, at FedEx.com.

Caller: Yeah.

Agent: Could you kindly repeat after the capital O, USA?

Caller: Say that again?

Agent: Could you kindly repeat that back to me, what you said to me earlier?

Caller: You need to repeat it?

Agent: Just for verification.

Caller: Oh, okay. It's USA, capital O, Q23 at FedEx.com.

Agent: Got it. Thank you so much. All right, while I'm checking this, may I ask, may I ask for your best callback number, just in case you got disconnected?

Caller: Okay. You mean my phone number to call back?

Agent: Yes.

Caller: It's 513-442-9158.

Agent: Okay, got it. And may I ask which state are you calling us from?

Caller: Cincinnati.

Agent: Okay. Ohio? Cincinnati, Ohio?

Caller: Yes.

Agent: Okay. 4527.

Agent: Okay. May I ask, is there not a sticker there on the box with a QR code?

Caller: I'm having trouble hearing you.

Agent: Okay. I would just like to ask, do you have there a sticker or a label at the box?

Caller: I got my label that they sent me to the house, but they need a label so they can ship it back.

Agent: So, may I ask, you're calling in regarding that? You don't have it?

Caller: Correct. I don't have it.

Agent: I see. There was no label in the ship back. Okay. Allow me to figure this out here on my end. Just kindly wait for a bit. I'm just going to put the call on hold just for one to two minutes and I'll be right back, okay?

Caller: Okay.

Agent: Thank you. Thank you so much. I'll be right back.

Caller: Hello?

Agent: Ms. Wells?

Agent: Hello, Ms. Wells. I'm so sorry for putting the call on hold, but thank you for your patience. I would just like to ask, would it be okay for us to send you a brand new return kit?

Caller: Would it be okay for what?

Agent: For us to send you a brand new return kit.

Caller: Another kit?

Agent: Yes.

Caller: Yes, that's fine.

Agent: Okay. For now, we'll send you a new one and kindly wait for it until it arrives. Then you should return the product. Thank you so much and we apologize for the inconvenience.

Caller: Yes, they just need the shipping label instead of my name on the box.

Agent: Understood. Okay. May I ask what type of Freestyle Libre are you using?

Caller: Say that again?

Agent: Are you using the Freestyle Libre 3 or Freestyle Libre 2?

Caller: 3.

Agent: 3? Okay. Is it the 3 Plus or the just standard 3?

Caller: The 3 Plus.

Agent: Okay, got it. Thank you so much and I am so sorry for the inconvenience regarding the return kit. But aside from this, would there be anything else I could assist you with?

Caller: Did you send a label?

Agent: Oh, you were having trouble so they're going to send me another box.

Caller: Okay, that's fine. Just send me another box and we'll take care of it from there.

Agent: Okay. Thank you for your time today, Ms. Wells. After this call, I'll be sending you an email summary of what we did today. Included should be the case number for our call. If you have any other questions, feel free to call us and provide the case number so we could easily pull up the record. Just kindly provide me your email and I will send it there.

Caller: It's dana.wells84 at yahoo.com.

Agent: Got it. And I would like to verify your address here on my end so I may not ship it somewhere else.

Caller: Okay, 7342 Maple Avenue, M-A-P-L-E, Cincinnati, Ohio, 45208.

Agent: Got it. Thank you so much. All right, that should be it. Please expect the email and the delivery to arrive within three to five business days and we're all set.

Caller: Okay, thank you.

Agent: Thank you so much as well. We're all set. Please stay online just for a quick survey and I would like to thank you again for calling Freestyle Customer Care. I hope you have a great day and goodbye for now.

Caller: Okay, thank you.

Agent: Thank you.